feat(config): hmr add disable port config (#6624)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/index.md

### server.hmr

- **Type:** `boolean | { protocol?: string, host?: string, port?: number | false, path?: string, timeout?: number, overlay?: boolean, clientPort?: number, server?: Server }`

  Disable or configure HMR connection (in cases where the HMR websocket must use a different address from the http server).

  Set `server.hmr.overlay` to `false` to disable the server error overlay.

>   Set `server.hmr.port` to `false` when connecting with specific domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Set `server.hmr.port` to `false` when connecting to a domain without a port.
```

I think this would be slightly clearer
